Introduce single 'Set up iOS development' page (#11963)
flutter/website: src/content/platform-integration/ios/setup.md

```console
$ sudo xcodebuild -license
```

## Install Rosetta

If you are developing on an [Apple Silicon][] (ARM) Mac,
[install Rosetta 2][].

```console
sudo softwareupdate --install-rosetta --agree-to-license
```

[Apple Silicon]: https://support.apple.com/en-us/116943
[install Rosetta 2]: https://support.apple.com/en-us/102527

## Install CocoaPods

To support [Flutter plugins][] that use native iOS code,
install [CocoaPods][cocoapods].
CocoaPods bundles various dependencies that
support connecting Flutter to native iOS code.

Install `cocoapods` following the
[CocoaPods installation guide][cocoapods].

[cocoapods]: https://guides.cocoapods.org/using/getting-started.html#installation
[Flutter plugins]: /packages-and-plugins/developing-packages#types

## Configure your target iOS device

We recommend starting with the iOS Simulator as
it's easier to get setup than a physical iOS device.
However, you should also test your app on an actual
physical device.

{% tabs "ios-simulator-or-physical-device" %}
{% tab "Simulator" %}

### Configure your iOS Simulator {:.no_toc}

Use the following steps:

1. To install the iOS Simulator, run the following command:

    ```console

>     $ xcodebuild -downloadPlatform iOS

Reviewer: This `xcodebuild -downloadPlatform iOS` instruction is needed for all iOS development, it should be moved out of any simulator section.

---
title: Set up iOS development
short-title: Set up iOS
description: >-
  Configure your development environment to
  run, build, and deploy Flutter apps for iOS devices.
---

Learn how to set up your development environment
to run, build, and deploy Flutter apps for iOS devices.

:::note
If you haven't set up Flutter already,
visit and follow the [Get started with Flutter][] guide first.

If you have already installed Flutter,
ensure that it's [up to date][].
:::

[Get started with Flutter]: /get-started/install
[up to date]: /install/upgrade

## Install Xcode

With Xcode, you can run Flutter apps on
an iOS physical device or on the iOS Simulator.

If you haven't done so already,
install and set up [Xcode][].

[Xcode]: https://developer.apple.com/xcode/

Configure Xcode's command-line tools:

```console
$ sudo sh -c 'xcode-select -s /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer && xcodebuild -runFirstLaunch'
```

Sign the Xcode license agreement:

```console
$ sudo xcodebuild -license
```

> ## Install Rosetta, if applicable

Reviewer 2: Consider dropping "If applicable" here. The body describes that and I image most developers are using Apple Silicon now.

```suggestion
## Install Rosetta
```

Hopefully we'll be able to remove this section soon anyway :)

If you are developing on an [Apple Silicon][] (ARM) Mac,
[install Rosetta 2][].

```console
sudo softwareupdate --install-rosetta --agree-to-license
```

[Apple Silicon]: https://support.apple.com/en-us/116943
[install Rosetta 2]: https://support.apple.com/en-us/102527

## Install CocoaPods

> If your app depends on any [Flutter plugin][]
> that uses native iOS code,
> install [CocoaPods][cocoapods].

Reviewer 2: Maybe instead of starting with an "If", just tell them to set it up and explain why.

If they are just setting up iOS development support, maybe they don't know if they need it and they might in the future anyway.

```suggestion
To support [Flutter plugins][] that use native iOS code,
install [CocoaPods][cocoapods].
```

CocoaPods bundles various dependencies that
support connecting Flutter to native iOS code.

> 1. Install `cocoapods` following the
>    [CocoaPods installation guide][cocoapods].

Reviewer 2: I like relying on their guide instead!

Since this is only one step now, consider dropping the list:

```suggestion
Install `cocoapods` following the
[CocoaPods installation guide][cocoapods].
```

a professional account.
:::

### Prepare the device {: .no_toc}

Find your **Profiles & Device Management** menu under
**Settings**. (The exact location can vary by device.)
Toggle your certificate to **Enable**.

:::note
If you can't find **VPN & Device Management** menu,
run your app on your iOS device once, then try again.
:::

1. Under the **Developer App** heading,
   you should find your certificate.

1. Tap the certificate.

1. Tap **Trust "&lt;certificate&gt;"**.

1. When the dialog displays, tap **Trust**.

If the **codesign wants to access key...** dialog appears:

1. Enter your macOS password.

1. Tap **Always Allow**.

[Trust Mac]: /assets/images/docs/setup/trust-computer.png
[Developer Mode]: {{site.apple-dev}}/documentation/xcode/enabling-developer-mode-on-a-device
[Apple Developer]: {{site.apple-dev}}/programs/
[Apple Developer account]: {{site.apple-dev}}/account

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

---

Follow the instructions in the output for software
you might need to install or further tasks to perform.

## Start developing for iOS {: #start-developing}

**Congratulations.**
You can now start developing and testing Flutter apps on iOS!

> <div class="card-grid link-cards">

Reviewer 2: Just as a note, I added these cards to correspond to the ones I added in the equivalent Android guide. Feel free to remove them or make changes.
